Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
- Whew. She's a thing of beauty.
- Look at that. hon.
I actually fixed it.
- Only took me five weeks.
- Come on. lightweights.
A toast.
To Tomo.
- To Tomo.
- Yup. To Tomo.
- To Tomo. To Tomo! Pathetic.
He'd be partying with me.
Not like you losers.
- Says the guy drinking
blue curacao like it's 2001.
- 2001. Yeah.
Back when Devlin still thought
he was gonna make the All Blacks.
Come on. boys. This weekend's
meant to be like the old days.
Like all those summers here
just rinsin' it until sunrise.
Mm.
- Waste of good sleeping-in time.
bro.
- Oh Jesus. Don't start talking
about your kids again. Devlin.
It's boring.
- No. that would be the 40-year-old
sad guy who peaked in high school.
- Another toast. Right? To Tomo.
- Piss off.
- Peaked at high school.
At least I don't go there
for my girlfriends.
- A ha ha
- Ross.
Why'd you bring her
on a boys' trip?
Couldn't find a babysitter?
- Come on. Mitchell.
- Hey. Blondie.
What is it you see in him?
- Where's your lady. Mitch?
Oh. that's right. She left you.
Can't think of why.
- You wanna say that again.
dickhead?
- Come on. guys. Mitch.
- Shithead then.... shithead now.
- Oh yeah?
- Hello?
- Mm.
Hi.
- Hiya.
- Hey. Room 2. I was gonna
take a look at your sink.
- Yeah. you might wanna sort what's
happening out there first.
- Let's go.
- I kicked your arse in year 12.
- You kicked my arse? Bullshit.
- Yeah. And I'll do it again.
- Try it.
- Come on! Guys.
- Hey. hey. hey.
Easy. Easy. Easy. You good?
- Aargh! Aargh! Aargh!
- Vin.
- Take your hands off me!
- Sorry. Sorry.
- This is bullshit!
What are you looking at?!
- OK.
- 'm so sorry.
- You know what? There's a great
fish and chip shop down by
the beach. Let's just...
call it a night. eh?
- We lost a friend...
a year ago today. Um...
We thought it would be
a good idea to. you know.
gather―
- It's OK. babe.
Emotions are running high.
- We can sort this out. You go.
- Yeah. look. My... blocked sink.
It can wait.
- Right.  We should―
- Hey. Vin.
- Yep. Don't manhandle the guests.
- Yeah.
- Yep.
- That'd be good.
- Mm-hm.
- Never underestimate the stupidity
of your average motel guest.
- Although we have been having
problems with the plumbing
since we got here.
- Yeah. The old owners
never kept on top of things.
- Well. yeah―
Wait. Don't.
- Hello. Housekeeping.
- Pretty sure he's not in there.
Cole. He would've noticed
the flooding.
- Still polite to knock. Vinny.
- Yup.
Aargh... .
God.
- Glad we replaced the carpet.
- He's gone out
and left the taps on.
- Told you. Stupid.
- Well. it's payback for me
putting him on the ground.
There was a situation I was
trying to de-escalate. Anyway.
Shit.
Oh shit.
- Come on. Mitchell.
- You've gotta be kidding.
- You know there's a reason people
drift apart after high school. eh.
- Ross? Shall we go?
- Ah.
- Kia ora.
Constable Jamie Haira.
Seen you around town.
- Pete Coleman ― Cole.
My wife. Vinny.
- Hello.
- Oh. Surf was up.
Sometimes you can't say no.
- Unit. uh. 3.
- Oh.
- Um...
- Sure he knows what he's doing.
- So. we've. um. turned off the taps.
but otherwise kept the scene secure.
Was that a police protocol handbook?
- Yeah. Yeah. it was.
So. uh... accidental drowning.
- Do you want me to talk to
the friends. get next of kin
while you wait for the paramedics?
- It's a bit late for paramedics.
- No. to... do the VOD.
- Oh. Right.
You sound like you know
what you're talking about.
- Oh. yeah. Uh...
Police background. Retired now.
- I actually haven't done a VOD yet.
- Ah. Must be pretty quiet
around here.
- Yeah. Yeah. it is.
And also. I've only
been here since October.
- Oh. yeah?
Where were you before?
- Police college.
Yeah. This is― This is quite
a new gig for me. so...
Sorry I'm smiling.
I'm shitting myself.
- Do you want me to do the VOD?
- That'd be amazing.
I'll talk to the friends.
- OK.
- Hey. I appreciate it. uh...
- Oh. Vanessa ― Vinny.
- Vinny.
I owe you one.
- I mean. he was pissed.
yeah. but...
- How can we have lost another mate?
- Year ago to the day since Tomo.
Remember how you said not to ship
the CDs because we'd never use them?
Kaboom-ba.
Vinny.
- Unit 3. I just...
I don't think it was an accident.
- No. you don't.
- Cole. come on. You were wondering
too. He was fully clothed.
- Vinny. no.
One idiot. too much drink. sad.
Dumb accident.
Come here.
Fresh start. remember?
- Yup. OK.
People die all the time.
Not always murder.
- Well. I'm here to talk to the
friends. Ask them to stick around.
- There's been a development?
- Big one.
Yeah. News in from forensics?
Oh. it might be... confidential.
- Oh. it's― it's fine.
We're not civilians.
- We are 100% civilians.
- Prelim autopsy results.
Something's shown up.
- Nothing.
As in no water on the lungs.
- He didn't drown.
Told you.
- This is the bit where
I call in the big guns. Right?
The real police.
- You're not the real police?
- But I'm gonna do
the preliminary statements.
And shout out if you need anything―
- I'm sure Constable Haira
doesn't need us―
- No. but if he wanted to.
- He doesn't.
- He might.
- Doesn't.
- Thanks for the coffee.
- Hmm.
It just feels wrong
we're sitting here doing nothing.
- We are running our new motel.
And staying in our lane. OK. Fine.
- What do you mean.
don't leave town?
- I just need to take
a few more statements.
- Nah. I've gotta get home
to my daughters. and this is stupid.
No one actually killed Mitchell.
- Well. I don't think that's what
the police officer is saying.
Oh. it is. You are saying that.
- The situation's just not as
straightforward as we first thought.
- Nah.
So do we postpone
rock 'n' roll night?
- Suppose so.
All done?
- Yeah.
They're not stoked. Acted like
I'd accused them of something.
- All of them did.
or anyone in particular?
- Vinny.
- Look. They'll be OK.
- Oh...
- Oh. for fu...
- Constable. what are you doing? Go!
- He― He might just be going
to the shop or something.
- He's not going to the shop. is he?
- Call another unit. Get him blocked
off before he can leave town.
- We don't have another unit.
I'm it.
- Take it easy―
...love.
- No. no. You go ahead.
Gotcha.
You wanna step out of the vehicle?
- I was gonna pay the bill online.
was.
- It's not about that.
Taking off when you hear
there's a police investigation?
It's not a great look. mate.
- Yeah. 'm just. um...
I need to get home to my kids.
- Full-time dad. huh?
- Yeah.
And didn't Mitch love
giving me shit about it.
Which is fine.
Uh. we're old mates. eh.
- Did Mitch give everyone shit.
or were you special?
- Why are you so interested?
- Can't help myself.
Cole and I. we're ex-police.
New South Wales Homicide Division.
- Ah. Ah. well. um...
Ross was the main punching bag. Uh...
Mitchell used to call him Povvo Ross
cos he was at our school
on scholarship.
- Aha.
- And now he's more successful
than all of us.
- After you and Mitchell fought last
night. you didn't see him again?
- No. Uh...  went to my room.
Uh. I called home.
Uh. my wife was having trouble
getting the girls to sleep. so. um.
we Zoomed. and. uh. I sung them
lullabies till they drifted off.
- Hmm.
- Shit. Do you really think
that someone killed Mitchell?
- Oh. I don't
think he got drunk and fell into
a spa bath. put it that way.
- Yeah. Me neither.
Last year the wife and I
got a hot tub. right.
and Mitchell said he couldn't
think of anything worse.
Sitting in hot water ― he hates it.
He wouldn't get into
the motel spa yesterday.
Why would he go back to his room
and have one?
Oh no. Am I gonna be arrested?
- No.
So. Devlin's gonna send Jamie
evidence of a Zoom call last night.
- Good. And then we're
gonna stay out of it.
Hey. where are those little packets
of long-life milk?
- But looking at
the group as a whole...
- ...who's the odd one out?
The girlfriend. Shaylah.
- Like the Blondie song?
- Yeah. I said that to her. babe.
when they checked in.
and nothing. Just
total blank.
- Well. just because
she has no musical knowledge.
it doesn't make her a murderer.
Now. you wanna. uh... find an end?
- Oh. I can't. Yeah. Little
packets of milk calling my name.
- Oh. Sorry.
Oh.  Hey.
- Doing my online stalking.
- Oh. Right.
- Ex-girlfriends. potentials. You
gotta know who you're dealing with.
I have a no vegans policy.
- Hey. Saffron. Could you...
could you look into someone for me?
- Yeah. Ex-boyfriend. is it?
- Oh. no.
No.
- So this Mitchell guy
follows Shaylah. but she
doesn't follow him back.
- Hmm.
- He's liked heaps on her grid...
all the way back to 2022.
which means he's scrolled back. Ew.
- Devlin said Shaylah and Ross have
only been together three months.
- Yeah. That lines up. He starts
showing up on her feed around then.
- OK. so Mitchell likes his mate's
girlfriend. Did that get him killed?
- Almost got me killed once.
Enough said.
- Whoa. Unexpected.
I wondered what
Shaylah does for a job.
because her post is straight up
flexing and she never seems to work.
So I was thinking sugar baby.
but I just did a quick image search.
and...
- She's a nurse practitioner.
Hey.
You've been entertaining
while I was out.
- Actually. this glass...
is evidence.
- Oh.
- Yeah. OK. I took
a quick look at the crime scene.
- Oh. that's naughty. Cole ―
not waiting till Homicide turns up.
- Well. they're taking
their sweet time.
And now Jamie can dust it
for prints. get a head start.
- So someone was in the room
with Mitchell that night?
- Yep.
- Anything else?
- Yep ― what I didn't find.
The bottle the dead guy
was drinking from.
- So whoever used this glass likely
took the bottle from the room. Why?
- Because of the poison. I guess.
- OK.
Guess who I just saw at the pub?
Having lunch and looking
quite settled.
- Shaylah.
- God.
How many do you need
for one weekend?
- See ya later.
- I can't.
- Tired?
- Nup.
- Oh. Gidday.
- Hey.
- How was town?
- Uh. yeah. we. uh. had a drink
for Mitchell. Still can't quite
get our heads around it.
- Understandable.
- Yeah.
- Big shock.
You know what?
Times like this. you need...
a distraction.
Yeah. my wife and I.
this is―
a few years back ― we. uh...
We did dancing lessons.
Rock 'n' roll.
- Ha.
- Yeah. it was our respite.
You know. when you're working hard
day and night. sometimes you just...
You just forget to breathe.
- Yeah.
You know. so twice a week.
we'd. um...
Well. we'd hit the dancing studio.
and just whoo-hoo-hoo. daddy...
- ...let the world disappear.
- Wow.
I don't wanna be rude. but bye.
Yeah. Yeah.
- Vinny. Vinny. They're coming.
Why didn't you stall them?
- These people are mental.
- Devin said they used to be
police detectives.
- That's so messed up.
- Try not to worry. Shay.
- Gonna go have a shower.
- Shh.
- You climbed out the window.
- Yeah.
- You could've just said
you were refreshing the towels.
- You make a good point.
- Next time I'll bring props.
- No next time.
Can't be snooping around and get...
You nicked the woman's make-up?
- She's got so much.
she won't even notice.
I'll put it back after.
- If we'd installed security
cameras. we'd know exactly who
was in Mitchell's room.
- Way to kill the holiday vibe.
We don't need cameras. Cole.
Come on. Shaylah. I know you were
in Mitchell's hotel room that night.
Oh. hey. We were just...
trying to find a match
for the lipstick mark.
- Jaffa Delight.
From the Main Beach Rd chemist.
My ex used to wear it all the time.
- Right. Well. I'm pretty sure your
ex didn't have a drink with Mitchell
in his motel room the night he died.
- Yeah.
so it'll be old mate in Unit 2.
- Maxine.
- Spotted it on her
the first second I saw her.
- Gidday.
- Hello.
- Hey. um. would you mind
answering a― a quick question?
- I'm a open book. Mr Coleman.
- Did you know Mitchell Gould?
- No. I didn't know him.
- Right.
It's just that there are― there
are two wine glasses in every room.
but there were three in Mitchell's
the morning after the night before.
Do you. um― Do you have both
your wine glasses here. Maxine?
- Yeah. I do.
And I'd like to get back to my
Jojo Moyes now. I'm on holiday.
- She lied.
- Definitely.
That's her wine glass.
- Wanna know what else?
Maxine's check-in details.
She's not from Auckland
like she says.
- So where. then?
- Main Beach Rd. Mowai Bay.
- So if she lives around the corner.
why is she staying at our motel?
- Maxine?
- I'll go.
- No. no. I will.
- I can.
- Shall we argue a bit longer and
make absolutely sure we lose her
Hi. Um...
I just saw my...
cousin coming out of here
shopping for our aunt's birthday.
and. um... I don't wanna double up.
so can you tell me what
she purchased?
- Well. what were you thinking
of getting your aunt?
- Depends on what my cousin bought.
- Well. we have this lovely room
spray. Is she a home scent person?
- Can you just tell me?
- What kind of cousin?
- Hmm?
- First cousins?
- Did she buy wine glasses―
one ― one wine glass?
I will buy a room spray.
Will you tell me then?
- I am more inclined
to make conversation with
paying customers. yes.
- Mm.
- $70.
- S―?
- Thank you.
- My previous customer
purchased one wine glass.
You're welcome.
- Our wine glasses are a lot cheaper
than the ones at the gift store.
just FYI.
- Oh. you know.
Andrea gets hers from the city
and hikes up the prices.
She's shameless.
- Which you know. because...
you're a local.
- Yeah. OK.
Uh... I have owned a holiday home
here for the last 22 years.
And now that my husband's gone. I've
decided to live here permanently.
- I'm sorry for your loss.
- Oh God. The prick didn't die.
He just left.
Anyway. I have some leaks.
and they're getting fixed.
and while they're getting fixed.
I've decided to stay at
your very lovely motel.
- Why were you in Mitchell's room
the night he died?
- Look. guys. Every―
Every New Year's Eve. this town is
filled to the brim with teenagers.
They're drinking. they're partying.
Years ago. Mitchell was
one of those teenagers.
I met him... late one night.
He was... 17.
and I was a very youthful thirty...
three.
Anyways. he was stumbling on the
beach. He was drunk. he was crying.
he couldn't find hismates.
so I took him home. fed him...
He made a pass at me.
and then puked all over the patio.
Hmm. Then his mates came
to pick him up the next day.
He was bragging that
he'd scored himself a MILF.
- Mm. Charming.
- Aw. I didn't really mind. Things
weren't going great with Barry.
It was a nice little ego boost.
- And two nights ago?
- Well. when we saw each other.
he pretended not to recognise me.
I mean. he was even panicking.
- You know why?
- Well. I had an inkling.
Later that night. I stepped outside
for a menthol. and...
there he was. Right next door.
- Bludge one of those?
- So I took my drink.
went to his room. had a chat.
He just begged me not to let his
mates know that LF ―
and the rest.
- He was worried about
a 20-year-old secret.
- Well. you know these
alpha male types.
If they knew their mate. the big
stud. had crashed in the spare room
and wee-weed on the bed...
- OK. So...
you drink your wine. then leave.
- Back to my unit to read.
- His bottle of blue liqueur ―
did you see it in his room?
- Did you. uh. steal that from
daddy's liquor cabinet. did you?
- Yes. Great. great. great.
Very funny. Ha ha
And thanks.
That night...
made me the legend I am today.
Mitchell didn't deserve
what happened.
Sometimes. these big-talking blokes.
they just...
they're just insecure little boys
under it all.
- Hi.
- Hi. Um...
one of my make-up bags has
been stolen from our room.
- Oh.
Oh. No.  saw
one of those in lost property.
- Uh. how― how would it be
in lost property? I haven't
taken it anywhere.
- Housekeeping must've gathered it
up with the towels.
- What kind of incompetent staff―
- It's OK. babe.
There's no harm done.
- Look. I know it's not easy
having to hang around.
Police forensics will be back with
a toxicology report any minute now.
- Good. Because this is insane.
- Ah...
- Oh. Shaylah. Um...
Do you mind me asking ―
did Mitchell ever hit on you?
- Uh― sorry. I don't think
that's appropriate.
- So that's the police angle.
- No. no. not police.
Just... curious.
-  murdered every 40+ guy
who grabbed my arse.
there would be
no one left in Ponsonby.
- Mitchell grabbed your arse?
- I'm so over this shithole.
- So...
Maxine knew Mitchell.
- Mm-hm.
- But I can't find a logical motive.
- Anything gone walkabout?
If it was opportunistic.
someone could've grabbed
something from in here.
- Yeah. Not that I can see.
- Or it wasn't opportunistic.
Maybe there was already beef.
Come on. Cole. you're in this.
You wanna know as much as I do.
- Fine. Come on.
- Thanks for this. Jamie.
Just a quick look before
digital forensics do their thing.
- It's allowed. Right?
- Totally. Yep. yep.
- Oh yeah. Absolutely.
- OK.
So... no mention of Shaylah
in recent emails.
Ooh. Hang on. A week ago. Mitchell
sent Ross a big file of video.
- No message?
- He's written 28.15.
- Huh.
Looks like a recording of
a livestream. A funeral.
Tomo's?
- We've lost the glue that...
holds us all together.
- Tomo fought so hard. But...
he couldn't win in the end.
- The timecode.
- Hmm?
- The message that Mitchell wrote.
28.15. It's referring to―
- The timecode.
- OK. Pallbearers.
Ross. Devlin.
Random old gu―
- Oh.
- Oh. Hold the bus.
Different hair. but―
- Shaylah.
So much for only meeting Ross
and his mates three months ago.
- So Mitchell sent this to Ross.
showing him that she was
at the funeral.
- Looks like it.
- Oh. hang on.
There's a 'Tomo' folder
on Mitchell's desktop.
Car insurance. a bunch of paperwork
for Thomas Preble.
- Did Mitchell have power
of attorney or something?
- Oh. Cole.
- Oh shit.
- Mm-hm.
- Someone wanna share?
- OK.
So about 10 years ago.
Cole decided to get life insurance.
- After a close call at work.
- But they turned him down.
- Homicide detective.
- Plus. he drank and
smoked like a chimney.
- OK. love.
- Anyway. the point is.
they refused to give him cover
for life insurance.
- And yet. Tomo here got a policy
even though he was...
terminally ill.
- Hmm.
- So he wasn't terminally ill
when he took the policy out.
- Uh-uh.
- OK. That's weird.
- Mm. You wanna know what's weirder?
Look at the sole beneficiary.
- Ross. How―?
- You could probably cheat
the system if you had. say.
a medical professional
willing to lie.
- Mm. And Ross had one of those.
His girlfriend.
- Fresh towels.
Oh. Um... one more thing.
Can you tell me about
the life insurance policy
Ross's friend Tomo had?
- Sorry?
- You don't know about it?
- Why would  never met Tomo.
- Oh. Um. Tomo took out a policy.
the sole beneficiary
being his mate Ross.
- Get out.
- Insurance fraud
could be motive for murder
if anyone found out.
- How dare you.
- And so could falsifying
medical records.
The cancer was advanced when he was
diagnosed. and yet he still got
a life insurance policy.
- Hey. uh. what's going on?
You OK. babe?
- No. She's saying that―
I just need to get outta here.
- Get our bill ready. We're leaving.
- Oh. you might wanna check
with Constable Haira first.
- You're not the only motel
around here.
- Shaylah and Ross didn't wanna
talk about his insurance fraud.
Whatcha got there?
- Thought it was time for a break.
- Mm. OK.
Hmm.
Look at us. Living the dream.
- You sure?
- Hmm?
- Oh. well. I've never seen you so
excited about a potential homicide.
- Oh. you know me. If there's
a question. I wanna know the answer.
Vin...
You know you didn't have to...
walk away. Right? If you feel like
you've made the wrong decision.
- It was never a decision. Cole.
Wherever you go. I go.
No looking back.
I love you.
- You loved your career. too.
- Hi. I'm Vinny Coleman.
- Oh.
- I run a motel.
- Yeah. And. um...
I'm not letting you go ever again.
Well...  back to reality.
Back to the blocked sink.
-  can't fix it tomorrow.
I'll call the plumber.
An overpriced plumber who'll
probably charge an arm and a l―
- Hey!
Litterbug!
- Vin!
- Get off! Get off!
What are you doing?
- What did you throw
in the sea. Ross?
- Why did you follow me
down to the beach?
- We were here first.
- Well. I was just― you know.
taking a walk!
- Was it a liqueur bottle?
- You know. we aredefinitely
leaving tomorrow. And...
And you're lucky I don't have you
charged with assault.
- It was Ross.
Still didn't wanna talk.
- What did you do?
- Just... stopped him running.
- Well. whatever he wanted
to get rid of has floated
just out there past the waves.
You see?
Or is that a bit of driftwood?
- According to Ross.
he threw nothing.
- Well. who's gonna go get
this 'nothing'?
- Well. I tackled him.
S-Stopped him running. I mean.
- What have I told you about
physically restraining motel guests?
Hold that.
- Can you tell us what it's about?
- It's OK. Shay.
Just some more routine questions.
I'm sure.
- OK. well. can you make it quick?
Cos we're moving motels today.
- It's OK. darling.
Go pack. I won't be long.
- Yeah. I'm still thinking
I should wait.
- No way. He tried to dispose of
the murder weapon last night.
- Yeah. but Detective Granger
from City Homicide ― she's on her
way. you know―
- She's been on her way for days.
What is she. walking from Auckland?
- Just see what Ross says
about throwing a liqueur bottle.
He's looking terrified.
He might just fold.
- Do you wanna sit in?
That way if Detective Granger
kicks my arse. I can blame you.
- Hey.
- Tox report came back.
- And?
- And... nothing.
Booze. Nicotine. That's it.
Maybe a medical event took him out.
- One of those two was in
Mitchell's room the night of.
One of them took the liqueur
bottle. Ross tossed it in the sea.
and you're concluding―
I'm not concluding anything.
We're detaining him until...
something comes up.
- Excuse me. love.
My sink's still not draining.
- Cole?
- Yep. 'll pop back.
- He's coming.
- One. I stink.
Two. I cleared the blockage
in the pipes.
- Remember that time
you were giving up smoking
and you didn't read the directions
on the patches properly.
and you got―
- Nicotine poisoning.
Yeah. I remember. Felt like death.
You're pretty bloody good.
aren't you. Detective Coleman?
- I like to think so.
And I'm always surprised at what
people think they can flush.
- Oh ho ho.
Oh yeah. We are bloody good.
- And if you'd like to leave us
a Google review―
- Are you joking?
Here's my review. There's no
minibar. and the owners are freaks.
-  know it's just
the nicotine withdrawals talking.
You were attached to your vape
from the minute you got here.
But after Mitchell died.
you appeared to go cold turkey.
You didn't even take it
to the pub with you.
- Cos I had no refills. And this
stupid-arse backwards town ran out.
- Cole's an ex-smoker.
I know how organised you have to be
when you head out of town.
But you were.
You had four refills with you.
But where did they go?
- Where's Ross? We wanna leave.
- Still at the station.
- Ross has confessed
to killing Mitchell.
- Really?
- What?
But... What'd he say?
- He made a full statement.
He laced Mitchell's bottle
with liquid nicotine and then
dropped him in the bath.
Just to make sure.
And he flushed the capsules.
- And he just offers this up
to a junior constable?
He goes to all the trouble of
killing a man to keep his secret.
and then he just caves?
- Ross will have to stay in custody
until we can get to court next week.
- No. this is bullshit.
You must've coerced him or asked
leading questions or something.
- No.  don't know
how to do that kind of thing yet.
I'm new. so.
- We need a lawyer. His lawyer.
- Ross called his lawyer already.
- He wouldn't hurt a fly.
He is the kindest.
best person I've ever met.
OK? He didn't do it. He didn't...
- Well.
She's right.
Because...
you did it.
That right. Shaylah?
Mitchell had been drinking
that blue crap all afternoon.
and you were on edge
because he had something over you.
- What is it you see in him?
- You and Ross.
And I'm guessing that this weekend.
he threatened to use it.
So you went to Mitchell's room.
tried to change his mind...
with an oldie but. uh...
a goodie.
But he wasn't making it easy
for you. was he. Shayla?
He knew what you were up to.
So in comes the backup plan.
You had a go at his drink.
Encouraged him to finish it.
You're a nurse.
You know a high enough dose
of nicotine is fatal.
He was crook.
Throwing up. feeling like shit.
- Ross deserves everything
he's worked for.
He was the only one
who visited Tomo.
Only one who came to chemo.
supported him.
- You were Tomo's nurse?
That's how you met Ross?
- The others didn't give a shit.
And Tomo knew Ross just needed
some capital.
It was his idea.
It was his parting gift to Ross.
- It was very generous.
Not sure the insurance company
he ripped off would agree.
- I offered him money.
Anything.
But he wanted to take Ross down
because he's spiteful and jealous.
I said. 'Please just let us
get on with our lives.'
But he wouldn't.
- Constable.
Did you forget about me?
I've been waiting at the station.
- But―
- He said he was going for a coffee.
- Yeah. um...
Ross didn't confess.
- Sorry?
- Oh. you sneaky sneaks.
- Really?
- It was worth a crack.
- The protocol handbook doesn't
say anything about bullshitting.
But if it gets the job done...
- Well played. you two.
- Shay. for God's sakes ―
what's going on?
- Come on. Ross.
You know what she did.
That's why you tossed the bottle.
Cos you found it. what.
hidden in your room somewhere?
- I thought it was a bad look.
I didn't think she'd actually
done anything.
Darling.
- I just hated him so much.
I'm sorry.
He was just never gonna
leave us alone.
- Shaylah. You're under arrest
for the murder of Mitchell Gould.
- Don't worry. darling.
I'll call my lawyer.
- She is a thing of beauty.
Isn't she?
- We will get our rock 'n' roll
motel warming someday. I promise.
- Yoohoo! Peter?
Oh. hey.
Hey. just wondering what you guys
are planning to do with Unit 3.
It's gonna be hard to fill
after the murder.
- Why do you ask?
- Well. it's just that
my renovations are taking
longer than expected.
so. look. I'm more than happy to
take the murder room off your hands
at a discount.
You let me know.
- I mean. a repeat guest...
who can argue with that?
- Mm-hm.
- Oh― Ooh. Interrupting.
- No. it's fine. Jamie.
How is the homicide detective?
- Uh. pretty impressed. actually.
Yeah. Are you sure I can't tell her
you guys helped me out?
- No. no. We― We hate attention.
- Thank you.
Uh...
I almost felt like a real cop today.
- Jamie. mate. lose the imposter
syndrome. You are a real cop.
- Throw away the police
protocol handbook. you reckon?
- Oh. I wouldn't do that.
- Mm... probably not.
- OK. No.
The thing is. I. um...
I just gotta make this one stick.
you know?
Well. like... when did you know
you wanted to be in the police?
- Oh. when I was a little girl.
Yeah. It was never anything else.
- See.  felt like that
about something.
- It's not a calling for you.
- But could be.
Can get pretty addictive.
- Anyway. uh... thanks.
- Any time.
And hey. feel free
to call if you want.
If anything comes up.
- Sure thing.
- Gotcha.
OK. you were right ―
I do miss it just a little bit.
- Mm.
- But there's no going back.
and I am... fine with that.
- Well.
Constable Haira calls.
I don't suppose there's any problem
with giving him a hand?
- Course. I mean. we probably
won't even hear from him again.
- Nah. Probably not.
Huh.
Ooh.
- Everyone in town calls you
Blue Murder Motel.
- Do they?
- You hear about the guy
that blew himself up?
Karma's a beautiful thing.
- Your victim. Gene ― he had
no fixed address. no next of kin.
- Oh. hi. Won't be a second.
- The old owners
never had this many guests.
- Well. we like guests. Saffron.
That's―
- Oh.
This wasn't―
- Probably wasn't
an accidental death.
- I heard you two used to be
private investigators. Or still are?
- Aargh!
- Honey. I thought we weren't
allowed to do that to guests.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-